Add Reddit to Adopters file (#10529)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: ADOPTERS.md

* [Hetzner](https://www.hetzner.com/)
* [Ænix](https://aenix.io)
    * Use Strimzi to provide Kafka as a Service in Open Source platform [Cozystack](https://cozystack.io)
* [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/RedditEng/)

>     * Use Strimzi to run their Kafka fleet of 500 brokers, data replication with Mirror Maker and CDC pipelines with Kafka Connect. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Use Strimzi to run their Kafka fleet of 500 brokers, data replication with MirrorMaker, and CDC pipelines with Kafka Connect. 
```
